SHANNON?
>> Shannon: KRISTIN FISHER,
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
TWO BIG STORIES OUT OF D.C.
TONIGHT, LET'S BREAK THEM DOWN.
DEMOCRATIC CONGRESSWOMAN
ALEXANDRIA OCASIO-CORTEZ FACING
ALLEGATIONS THAT COULD LAND HER
IN SERIOUS LEGAL TROUBLE.
FOX NEWS CAUGHT UP WITH HER
TODAY AND ASK     ASKED THE CONR
TODAY AND ASK     ASKED THE CONS
TODAY AND ASK     ASKED THE CONM
TODAY AND ASK     ASKED THE CONN
ABOUT A COMPLAINT FILED BY A
CONSERVATIVE WATCHDOG THAT
CLAIMS SHE AND HER CHIEF OF
STAFF VIOLATED CAMPAIGN FINANCE
LAW.
>> DO YOU HAVE A COMMENT ON THE
FEC VIOLATIONS FILED AGAINST
YOUR OFFICE?
>> THERE IS NO VIOLATION.
>> DO YOU THINK THAT IS A SIGN
OF YOU TAKING DARK MONEY?
>> OH, NO, NO.
>> LET'S BRING IN THE FORMER
CHIEF COUNSEL FOR THE HOUSE
JUDICIARY COMMITTEE, JULIAN
EPSTEIN.
WHITE HOUSE CORRESPOND IT FOR
THE CALLER.
AND FROM THE HERITAGE
FOUNDATION, FORMER MEMBER OF THE
FEDERAL ELECTION COMMISSION
HIMSELF.
HANS, I WILL START WITH YOU,
YOU'VE SEEN THE FILINGS, WHAT
YOU MAKE OF THE CASE SO FAR?
>> THEY ARE POTENTIALLY VERY
SERIOUS VIOLATIONS HERE.
SHE HAD HER CHIEF OF STAFF OR IN
LEGAL CONTROL OF A POLITICAL
ACTION COMMITTEE, SO THERE IS
POTENTIAL FOR NOT ONLY ILLEGAL
CONTRIBUTIONS THAT BENEFITED HER
CAMPAIGN, ILLEGAL COORDINATION,
AND ALSO REPORTING VIOLATIONS,
THERE IS CERTAINLY ENOUGH THERE
FOR THE FEC TO OPEN UP AN
INVESTIGATION, AND IF IT LOOKS
LIKE THIS WAS AN INTENTIONAL AND
KNOWING VIOLATION, THERE WOULD
BE POTENTIAL FOR THE JUSTICE
DEPARTMENT TO OPEN UP A CRIMINAL
VIOLATION.
>> Shannon: A SEPARATE FROM
THE FEC BASED ON WHAT THEY
FOUND?
"THE WASHINGTON TIMES" HAS THIS
IN THEIR ARTICLE TODAY, SAYING
IT APPEARS SHE IS INVOLVED IN A
SELF-DEALING ARRANGEMENT,
PARTICULARLY TROUBLESOME FOR
MS. OCASIO-CORTEZ BECAUSE
THE NEW YORK DEMOCRAT PRESENTS
HERSELF AS A WORKING CLASS
CHAMPION AGAINST A CORRUPTING
SPECIAL INTEREST.
JULIAN?
>> LOOK, THE DETAILS OF THIS ARE
VERY, VERY SKETCHY AT THIS
POINT.
90% OF THE FACTS THAT WE DON'T
KNOW AND 10% THAT HAVE BEEN
ALLEGED.
IF THEY DO ARISE TO SOMETHING
THAT IS CREDIBLE, I THINK IT
SHOULD BE HANDLED THE WAY
EVERYTHING ELSE SHOULD BE
HANDLED WHEN THERE IS A
SUGGESTION OF A SCANDAL OR
SOMETHING IMPROPER.
THERE SHOULD BE AN APPROPRIATE
INVESTIGATION.
AND I DON'T THINK, WHETHER IT IS
TRUMP IN THE WHITE HOUSE,
WHETHER AS A MEMBER OF CONGRESS,
I THINK THE IDEA OF TRYING TO
ARGUE AGAINST AN INVESTIGATION
WHEN THERE IS CREDIBLE -- IF
THERE ARE CREDIBLE ACCUSATIONS,
IS JUST A LOSE-LOSE ARGUMENT.
>> Shannon: HOW MUCH OF THIS
DO YOU THINK IS INEXPERIENCE
VERSUS THAT SHE AND HER CHIEF OF
STAFF BEING IN CAHOOTS AND
TRYING TO SCAM THE SYSTEM,
KNOWING EVERYONE IS GOING TO BE
LOOKING AT THEM?
>> I SPOKE TO A REPUBLICAN CLOSE
TO THE WHITE HOUSE AND TALKED
ABOUT HOW THEY POINTED OUT THAT
INEXPERIENCE COULD POINT TO BOTH
THIS AND THE CAMPAIGN FINANCE
VIOLATION, ALLEGED
CAMPAIGN FINANCE ALLEGATION THAT
THE CONGRESSWOMAN WAS GRILLING
MICHAEL COHEN ABOUT, WITH REGARD
TO THE PRESIDENT.
IN BOTH CASES, IT IS CLEAR THAT
THESE THINGS COULD BOTH BE A
MATTER OF INEXPERIENCE, IT COULD
BE A MATTER OF INEPTITUDE, BUT
BECAUSE OF OUR POLITICAL SYSTEM,
BOTH HAVE BECOME HIGH-PROFILE
CASES AND SHE IS ALSO IN HOT
WATER FOR SOMETHING SIMILAR COME
HERSELF.
>> ONE THING WE AGREE ON
PROBABLY IS WHAT IS AND IS NOT A
CAMPAIGN FINANCE VIOLATION IS
NOTORIOUSLY VAGUE.
POORLY DEFINED, SOMETIMES
DEFINED BY THE FEC VIOLATIONS,
POSSIBLY UNCONSTITUTIONAL FOR
VAGUENESS.
MICHAEL: PROBABLY WOULD NEVER
HAVE BEEN CONVICTED BY A
JURY BECAUSE THE LAW IS THAT
AMBIGUOUS ON THE HUSH MONEY.
>> Shannon: THERE ARE CASES
THAT SHOW THAT IS A MASS AND
SOMETHING WE NEED MORE.
>> WE ARE LONG OVERDUE FOR A
CLARIFICATION OF WHAT IS AND IS
NOT A CAMPING VIOLATION.
>> Shannon: I'M SURE THE
CONGRESSWOMAN DOESN'T WANT TO BE
SUBJECT OF THAT CASE BEAR THE
PRESIDENT PUSHING BACK AS HE
SAYS THIS IS A DISGRACE, AN
EXPEDITION GOING AFTER HIM, HIS
BUSINESSES, HIS FAN KNOW MY FAML
BUSINESSES, HIS FAN KNOW MY FAM,
BUSINESSES, HIS FAN KNOW MY FAMC
BUSINESSES, HIS FAN KNOW MY FAMN
BUSINESSES, HIS FAN KNOW MY FAMR
BUSINESSES, HIS FAN KNOW MY FAMS
BUSINESSES, HIS FAN KNOW MY FAMM
BUSINESSES, HIS FAN KNOW MY FAMN
BUSINESSES, HIS FAN KNOW MY FAMT
BUSINESSES, HIS FAN KNOW MY FAME
BUSINESSES, HIS FAN KNOW MY FAMN
BUSINESSES, HIS FAN KNOW MY FAMG
THIS, IT DOESN'T MEAN IT IS A
FISHING EXPEDITION, IT MEANS
THAT THERE ARE LOTS OF POTENTIAL
FISH TO CATCH.
HANS, A LOT OF PEOPLE ARE
CALLING THIS THE PREIMPEACHMENT
PHASE.
WHAT DO YOU MAKE OF IT?
>> CONGRESS DOES HAVE A LOT OF
AUTHORITY TO OVERSIGHT, DO
INVESTIGATIONS, BUT THAT IS
USUALLY RELATED TO HOW THE
EXECUTIVE BRANCH IS OPERATING
UNDER THE MONEY APPROPRIATED FOR
IT.
AND ALSO, IF NEW LEGISLATION IS
NEEDED.
I HAVEN'T SEEN ANY OF THAT HERE,
AND I HAVEN'T SEEN ANY SPECIFIC
EVIDENCE OF ACTUAL VIOLATIONS OF
THE LAW, WHICH IS USUALLY A
BASIS BEFORE YOU START
INVESTIGATION.
I HAVE TO SAY, ADAM SCHIFF SEEMS
TO BE COPYING JOSEPH McCARTHY
AND WANTING TO OPEN UP
INVESTIGATIONS WHERE THEY DON'T
ACTUALLY HAVE ANY EVIDENCE OF
ANY WRONGDOING.
>> Shannon: WELL, HE SAYS THEY
DO WHEN HE HAS A GUT FEELING
ABOUT IT THERE THEY KEEP SAYING
WE NEED MORE FACTS, BUT MAKING
ALLEGATIONS IN THE MEANTIME.
STEVEN COLLINS SAID IT IS BASIC
POLITICS FOR DEMOCRATS NOT TO
CALL THEIR INVESTIGATIONS AND
IMPEACHMENT DRIVE RIGHT NOW.
TO DO SO WOULD HAND THE G.O.P. A
GIFT AS A CLAIM THAT IT IS
ALREADY IN.
>> YOU HAVE SEVERAL CONGRESSMEN
WHO HAVE COME OUT AND SAID THEY
BELIEVE THE PRESIDENT HAS
OBSTRUCTED JUSTICE, THE
PRESTATEMENTS PRIOR TO THE ISSUE
OF THIS.
IT'S INTERESTING, WHAT KRISTIN
WAS TALKING ABOUT EARLIER WITH
THE PRESIDENT'S STRATEGY TO
THIS, HE IS CITING
PRESIDENT OBAMA'S EXECUTIVE
PRIVILEGE, THAT IS SOMETHING
THAT DID NOT WORK OUT FOR
PRESIDENT OBAMA WHEN HE CITED
EXECUTIVE PRIVILEGE WHEN IT CAME
TO THE FAST AND FURIOUS CASE.
IT IS SETTING DOWN FOR A BIG
SHOWDOWN WITH THE WHITE HOUSE.
>> Shannon: THEY TWEETED THIS
TODAY ABOUT ALL THESE REQUESTS,
SPECIAL COUNSEL MUELLER HAS HAD
RESOURCES THAT GO FAR BEYOND
WHAT IS AVAILABLE TO THE
CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEE.
IF MUELLER FINDS NO COLLUSION,
IS IT LIKELY SHIFF AND HIS
BOILER WILL BE ABLE TO, JULIAN?
>> THERE'S A LOT TO UNPACK HERE,
BUT THE QUESTION ON
OCASIO-CORTEZ ON THE CAMPAIGN
VIOLENCE VIOLATION, IT SEEMS
UNTENABLE TO ARGUE THERE
SHOULDN'T BE INVESTIGATIONS.
YOU HAVE 37 INDICTMENTS OR
GUILTY PLEAS AT THIS POINT, OVER
100 DOCUMENTED CONTACTS DURING
THE TRUMP TRANSITION WITH THE
RUSSIANS.
>> Shannon: DON'T THINK THE
SPECIAL COUNSEL WILL BE ABLE TO
HANDLE THIS?
>> THERE ARE DIFFERENT PER VIEWS
AND FUNCTIONS.
AS HANS JUST SAID, SOMETIMES A
DEMOCRATIC INVESTIGATION WILL
LOOK TO HAVE LEGISLATIVE REFORM,
AND THERE ARE HALF-DOZEN THAT I
CAN THINK THAT COULD POTENTIALLY
COME OUT OF THIS.
37 INDICTMENTS OR GUILTY PLEAS,
100 CONTACTS.
>> Shannon: WHY DID THEY NEED
TO GO BACK AND TO ALL OF THE
SAME REQUEST FOR DOCUMENTS AND
THE SAME PEOPLE IN THE SAME
INFORMATION?
>> BECAUSE THIS CONGRESS LOOKS
AT IT THREE DIFFERENT LENS THAN
A SPECIAL COUNSEL.
THE SPECIAL COUNSEL IS
LOOKING -- NOT NECESSARILY.
THE SPECIAL COUNSEL IS LOOKING
AT WHETHER TO PROSECUTE OR NOT
PROSECUTE, PERIOD, AND A CASE.
IT COULD MAKE A DEMOCRAT MIKE
RECOMMENDATION ON IMPEACHMENT.
CONGRESS COULD BE LOOKING AT
IMPEACHMENT, IT MIGHT BE MADE,
WE HAVE TO SEE WITH THE FACTS
SHOW, CONGRESS COULD LOOK AT A
WHOLE HOST OF OTHER REFORMS,
LOOKING AT ENFORCEMENT ON THE
EMOLUMENTS CLAUSE, A STATUTORY
BASIS FOR PROSECUTION OF A
PRESIDENT WHEN HE LEAVES OFFICE.
YOU ARE TALKING WITH THE 100
CONTACTS THAT HAD WITH THE
RUSSIANS IN THE CAMPAIGN AND
TRANSITION, SHARING OF
INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION, THE
TRUMP TEAM MEETING WITH RUSSIAN
OFFICIALS.
HE >> Shannon: ALL THINGS THE
SPECIAL COUNSEL IS LOOKING AT.
>> BUT THERE IS A REASON FOR
CONGRESS TO HAVE A SEPARATE
PROCESS.
ONE IS BECAUSE IT MAY BE LOOKING
AT LEGISLATIVE REFORM.
AT TWO'S IF YOU'RE TO DO
SOMETHING, ULTIMATELY A DECISION
OF PROSECUTION OF THE PRESENT OR
SOMEBODY ELSE, IMPEACHMENT,
SOMETHING ELSE, IF YOU MAKE A
PUBLIC CASE ON THIS.
THE FEDERALIST PAPERS 65 WERE
VERY INSTRUCTIVE ON THE SUBJECT
OF IMPEACHMENT FROM A POLITICAL
QUESTION FOR ME TO MAKE A
POLITICAL CASE TO THE BODY
POLITIC ANY PUBLIC PAIRED
>> Shannon: A NUMBER OF
DEMOCRATS INCLUDING THE
JUDICIARY COMMITTEE SAYING